c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\bin\Debug\BeHocThuoc.exe
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\bin\Debug\BeHocThuoc.pdb
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\bin\Debug\BeHocThuoc.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.cs
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xaml
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\BeHocThuoc.exe
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\BeHocThuoc.pdb
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\StartPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\StartPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\StartPage.xaml
C:\Users\Luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\SelectModePage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\SelectModePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\SelectModePage.xaml
C:\Users\Luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\QuickMode.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\QuickMode.g.cs
C:\Users\Luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\QuickMode.xaml
C:\Users\Luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\LongMode.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\LongMode.g.cs
C:\Users\Luc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BeHocThuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\LongMode.xaml
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\bin\Debug\BeHocThuoc.exe
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\bin\Debug\BeHocThuoc.pdb
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\bin\Debug\BeHocThuoc.build.appxrecipe
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\LongMode.g.i.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\LongMode.g.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\QuickMode.g.i.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\QuickMode.g.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\SelectModePage.g.i.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\SelectModePage.g.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\StartPage.g.i.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\StartPage.g.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.i.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.i.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.i.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\LongMode.xaml
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\QuickMode.xaml
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\SelectModePage.xaml
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\StartPage.xaml
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xaml
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xaml
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xaml
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\BeHocThuoc.exe
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\BeHocThuoc.pdb
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\QuickTest.g.i.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\QuickTest.g.cs
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\QuickTest.xaml
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\MyCode\1_VisualStudio2012\behocthuoc\BeHocThuoc\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
